You really can't seize the opportunity, can you?
You could have lived.
It's hard to say.
Now Sophie is okay.
Can't stop me
Still so confident
Even without Sophie, you're hurt
Tell me again
You don't know that?
I, Ma Liang, you have the ability to speak
I am on the pen now
The condition is excellent
Baby close your eyes
The deception is really cunning
Hmph, I thought you had something to do
It seems that you are also a senior reporter
Why was Ma Liang injured so badly?
Who did it?
Who else could it be?
You gave me a knife
Me.
How could I hurt you?
Do I have to lie?
I'm sorry, it's the chick who should apologize
Where are we now?
Three-headed Ridge is here
We found three hills